[WIP] Add measurements-from-samples pass to Python compiler (#7620)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Improvements 🛠</h3>

> * An xDSL `qml.compiler.python_compiler.transforms.MeasurementsFromSamplesPass` pass has been
>   added for the experimental xDSL Python compiler integration. This pass replaces all terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A compilation pass written with xDSL called `qml.compiler.python_compiler.transforms.MeasurementsFromSamplesPass` has been
  added for the experimental xDSL Python compiler integration. This pass replaces all terminal
```
